Pinecone destination: Improve spec and allowed hosts (#30193)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/pinecone.md

To get started, use the [Pinecone web UI or API](https://docs.pinecone.io/docs/quickstart) to create a project and an index before running the destination. All streams will be indexed into the same index, the `_ab_stream` metadata field is used to distinguish between streams. Overall, the size of the metadata fields is limited to 30KB per document. 

> OpenAI and Fake embeddings produce vectors with 1536 dimensions, and the Cohere embeddings produce vectors with 1024 dimensions. Make sure to configure the index accordi../../../docs/integrations/destinations/pinecone.mdngly.

Reviewer: It's back!

```suggestion
OpenAI and Fake embeddings produce vectors with 1536 dimensions, and the Cohere embeddings produce vectors with 1024 dimensions. Make sure to configure the index accordingly.
```

Author: Those stacked PRs... We need some tool for that ;)
